INTRODUCTION:
-------------
I am a Full-Stack Python Developer, with all years of experience, 
 with around 80% into Backend work and 20% into frontend.
 
IN Backend, I worked on creating standalone scripts for automations, scheduled jobs,
ETL jobs and data pipelines; and RESTful APIs and web applications.
 
IN FRONTEND, I worked on creating dashboards/graphs/charts using d3.js library,
and tables using ag-grid. Also, worked on JavaScript, jQuery and react.
 
In databases, 
	In relational dB, I worked with MySQL, MS SQL , oracle dB and PostgreSQL. 
	In no-relational dB, I worked with MongoDB and Cassandra. 
	In data warehousing, I worked with Snowflake schema

In Caching, 
	I worked with Redis and Elasticsearch
	
In Python, 
	- worked on creating web applications and RESTFUL APIs using Django/flask/FastAPI frameworks
	- worked on creating process automation and integrating with infrastructure(Linux/windows) boxes
	- worked on web scrapping using beautiful soup
	- created unit test, integration test for the source code, using unittest and pytest modules
	
In Public Cloud, I am mostly associated with AWS Cloud.
	In AWS Cloud, I worked with 
		Server-based Architectures with 
			EC2 Instances 
			Elastic Load balancer
			Auto-Scaling 
			Route53
			
			s3 bucket for file storage
			s3 Glacier for Archival Storage
			
		Server-less Architectures with 
			AWS Lambda - with either time-triggered or event triggered
			AWS API Gateway with http-triggered 
			For long running jobs beyond 15min, as AWS lambda has limitation, i use Step Functions
			
		Also, worked with SQS, SNS and SES
		And, EMR cluster for Pyspark 
		for the ETLs, I worked with AWS Glue Jobs with DataCatalog and Pyspark

In current project, I created the CI/CD setup using Jenkins and Groovy script.
 
	
In Golang, I created microservices and ETL jobs, 
	Mainly using go concurrency. 
	Used Gokit for microservices implementation, 
	and Cobra package for creating command line utilities.
	GORM - for working with the databases
	BDD with ginko framework

REASON FOR CHANGE - 
	CONTRACT COMPLETED. NO more SCOPE FOR EXTENSION. SO, Looking for the change.
But It is a very interesting project. 



----------
Questions to Interviewers
	- May i know about the project, and the technical stack like the tools used?
	- What are you expecting from me, for this role 
	- What is the volume of data, which we will be working with, on daily basis. some approxiamte numbers of records?
